hello and welcome back to learning
English with Minecraft
a series where I teach English while
trying to survive in Minecraft
and once again I've played a little bit
in between my last video and this video
and right now it's night time so I'll go
to sleep but in the morning I'll show
you what I did
sleep
oh they're monsters
I need a sword
where are the monsters there you are
once again
once again we're starting the episode
with a zombie in my garden
which is awesome
open the door whoa
listen
they changed the sound of the doors
it sounds different so sleep okay it's
morning
so the first thing that I did off camera
was build this staircase right here this
wooden staircase hello Eggbert and this
staircase leads up here
this is a little balcony
and these are fence gates that can open
open
and close
so
I put these fence gates right here so
that Egbert doesn't escape Egberts
Egbert
can't jump over these fence gates so
he's stuck inside
but this is a balcony this is a little
balcony for fishing mm-hmm
so I can go fishing up here and no
monsters can attack me
because I'm up here on the roof there's
a lantern hanging from this wooden block
here and right here as well
expert laid another egg
eggs right now in the United States are
super expensive so
I wish I had Eggbert in real life
out here
we have this
so uh oh get out of here
I'm not really sure what this is that
I've been building but maybe it's some
kind of Castle this is called
scaffolding this is scaffolding and I've
been using this scaffolding to go up
here like this to go up and work on my
building mm-hmm
there's nothing inside yet it's
completely empty
I can also use scaffolding I can use the
scaffolding to go back down
up and down
scaffolding the scaffolding is very
useful for building and the final thing
that I did off camera was move the mine
so do you remember in my previous
Minecraft videos there was a mine right
here
well not anymore no I moved it
over here
right here this mine is one two three
blocks wide and that's because I want to
build a mine cart and a rail that go
down there to the bottom of the world so
that I can go back and forth between the
Surface the surface and the bottom of
the world to search for diamonds very
quickly and that brings me to the next
thing that I want to talk about
in this video
once again I am going to search for
diamonds this time I have a plan
the last time that I went searching for
diamonds I went far away far away
and I ended up dying underground
underground in a cave
this time I'm going to search for
diamonds down here in my mine
it's close to my house and it's mostly
safe
so I'm going to go down here and I'll
show you the mine
so this is the first stop
and this is mostly for collecting Stone
and andesite and coal and a little bit
of gold a little bit of gold as well but
mostly for stone
and the mind continues down this way
down here this is the second stop
so this is mostly for collecting copper
and iron and the mine once again
continues down here
this way
oh there's some iron
is always good
and this is where I stopped digging
because right here the mine runs into a
cave
look at this
and as always
there are tons of monsters in the cave
so
for right now I'm going to forget about
the cave
I'm going to forget about the cave and
continue digging down here in my mind
oh there's water dripping from the
ceiling
oh zombie
I'm going to block off this cave
there we go
just like that
in the future I'll go exploring this
cave but
not right now right now I want to find
diamonds without dying
I'm probably going to fast forward
through most of this footage of me
digging because
it's very
boring
my pickaxe broke
let's see I have one two three four
pickaxes remaining
but this one's also almost broken so
really only three after digging all the
way to the bottom of the world
I'll have a lot of stone to build my
castle up there
aha
diamonds
two diamonds
three diamonds three diamonds all right
three diamonds
let's get out my iron pickaxe
and collect them
one
two
three
yeah all right now we have three
diamonds that's enough to build a
pickaxe but let's keep going
okay two pickaxes remaining
oh my Lord
my zombies where did he come from
where did that zombie come from
oh no
only one pickaxe left
all right on to the final pickaxe
another torch
oh
that was another scary sound
foreign
oh
there goes the last pickaxe I do have
this iron pickaxe but this is my last
iron pickaxe and I want to use my iron
pickaxe to mine diamonds
because I can't mine diamonds with a
stone pickaxe
so for now I'm going back up to the
surface and I'm going to build a diamond
pickaxe with these three diamonds that I
found down here
all right here we are at the surface
time to go to sleep because once again
it's night time
Egbert
is on the bed
all right Egbert it's my time to sleep
okay here we go
two sticks
and one two three diamonds makes
a diamond pickaxe
and there we go
my first Diamond Tool so now that I have
this diamond pickaxe I'm going back down
to the mine to continue digging down you
see gravel
Falls if you put a torch
underneath gravel
watch
it breaks when it hits the torch
hey more diamonds
two more diamonds the next thing that
I'm going to build out of diamonds is a
diamond sword
a diamond sword only takes two diamonds
so this is already enough to build a
diamond sword
three diamonds Four Diamonds wow one two
three four four diamonds okay amazing
let's see so if I wanted to build all of
the different diamond tools I would need
two diamonds for the sword
three diamonds for the ax so five total
and one one for the shovel one for the
diamond shovel
and two for a diamond hoe
so eight diamonds in total
right now I have four diamonds so
I need to find twice as many diamonds
[Music]
okay here we are this is bedrock which
means we're at the bottom now that we're
at the bottom of the world I'm going to
start by digging a long tunnel
both this way and this way
[Music]
whoa
no way
you're kidding me
oh wait hold on
is this my old staircase
no way
yeah
it is
I remember this bridge
this is my old staircase that I covered
up
wow
whoa
diamonds
wow
okay I need to be careful
diamonds
s
wonderful two more diamonds
okay
I am scared now that I have six diamonds
wow
I can't believe that my new staircase my
new staircase right here
ended up right next to my old staircase
right here
it's getting a little bit dark
watch this
boom
light
it's just like I used a torch
same thing
not only are diamond pickaxes a lot
stronger than Stone pickaxes and take
longer to break but they also mine a lot
faster watch
diamond pickaxe
stone pickaxe
the diamond pickaxe is a lot faster
more diamonds there we go
wonderful
now we should have enough to build all
the diamond tools
three diamonds at least three
Four Diamonds five diamonds
wow okay that's all of them we have 11
diamonds now this time has been a lot
more successful than my last adventure
searching for diamonds
okay
so now I've dug this main tunnel and
from this main tunnel I can start
digging off shoots to the sides like
right here
more lava no oh no
block I'll go over one two three blocks
and start digging right here
oh geez
more lava this side is really dangerous
so I'm going to dig on this side right
here
torch
it's a good trick
oh oh
whoa oh
jeez mining underground is very
dangerous
Aaron all right
and more lava of course always more lava
I've started four offshoots
four offshoots one two
three four
and so far each offshoot has led to
lava
lava and
lava okay
I'm going to go back up to the surface
back to my house and build the rest of
the diamond tools
now that I lit up this island monsters
don't spawn here
all right so now I'm going to build
a diamond sword
a diamond ax
a diamond shovel
and a diamond hoe
and there we go now I have all the
diamond tools
so I'm going to end this video right
here thank you so much for watching if
you liked this video you could hit the
like button or subscribe to my channel
and also I recently published a new song
I'll put a little clip at the end of
this video so you can listen and if you
like it you can listen to the whole song
by clicking up here thank you so much
for watching and I will see you in the
next video see ya